Kim Edits (#50)
mulesoft/docs-partner-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/endpoint-https-send.adoc

> == HTTP(S) Send Configuration

Reviewer: Avoid using (s). Present both versions or choose the most common.
```suggestion
== HTTP and HTTPS Send Configuration
```

> Use these settings when sending with HTTP and the secure HTTPS protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use these settings when using HTTP or HTTPS to send transmissions to partner endpoints and receive transmissions to endpoints that are targets at your organization.
```

Author: Rewritten with your edits in mind.

> This includes endpoints for sending transmissions to your partner and endpoints that are targets at your organization.

Reviewer: See suggestion above.
Carefully evaluate to be sure that the suggestion does not impair your original intended meaning.

Author: Rewritten with your edits in mind.

> 

Reviewer: Going forward, avoid using a table for this much information in only two columns. Anything longer than a line or two in a table cell is not considered scannable, which is the intent when using a table. GLOBAL.

Author: Got it. As I mentioned, I was not able to get a resolution from the PM in time for GA1. Hope to make a global change to the edit style for the next release.

|Endpoint Name

> |Name used to easily identity the function of this endpoint. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Name used to easily identify the function of this endpoint. +
```

Required: Yes +

|Description
|Describe a purpose and any other important details for this endpoint. +
Required: No +

|URL

> |Enter a well-formed URL (including the path) where the request is to be sent such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Enter a well-formed URL (including the path) that specifies where the request is to be sent, such as:
```

|Response Timeout (milliseconds)
|Must be an integer greater than or equal to 1000. +
Required: No +
Default: 1000
|===

> See xref:Certificates.adoc[Certificates] for more info on configuring certificates in Partner Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See xref:Certificates.adoc[Certificates] for more information about configuring certificates in Anypoint Partner Manager.
```

Required: No +

|Basic

> |Simple authentication policy, it protects the API by requiring a username and password when calling apps make a request. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Specifes a simple authentication policy that protects the API by requiring a username and password when calling apps make a request. +
```

> `Username` - Enter the username you set up with this authentication policy. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Username` is the username you set up with this authentication policy. +
```

> `Password` - Enter the password you set up with this authentication policy. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Password` is the password you set up with this authentication policy. +
```

Reviewer: Convert all the rest to sentences, or use definition list format for such " - " entries:
```suggestion
`Password`
Enter the password you set up with this authentication policy. +
```

Reviewer: Apply previous suggestions to all these items. I will not mark them individually, except to copyedit.

|Client Credentials

> |`Client ID` - The Client ID the OAS provided when registering your application. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`Client ID` - The client ID that the OAS provided when registering your application. +
```

> `Client Secret` - The Client Secret the OAS provided when registering your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Client Secret` - The client secret that the OAS provided when registering your application.
```

`Client Header` - Add the key-value pairs, if they don't exist. +
`Client Secret Header` - Add the secret key-value pairs, if they don't exist. +

|OAuth Token

> |`Token URL` - Enter a valid authorization URL +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`Token URL` - Enter a valid authorization URL. +
```

> `Client ID` - The Client ID the OAS provided when registering your application. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Client ID` - The client ID that the OAS provided when registering your application. +
```

> `Client Secret` - The Client Secret the OAS provided when registering your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Client Secret` - The client secret that the OAS provided when registering your application.
```
